Firstly, I would like to thank our boss for selecting training for the award.
Now, I'm going to introduce the API training class.
My presentation has 4 parts.
The first is the introduction,
the second is the background of the IT div,
the third is the training results,
and finally, I will share additional information.

The first about the introduction,
as you know, Canon's development standard is Angular, Net Core, and PostgreSQL. 
Angular is used for the front-end, Net Core for the back-end, and PostgreSQL for the database.
API is a set of protocols that allows different applications to communicate and exchange data. 
You can see here, an API same a waiter in a restaurant. Data is the food, and customers are the applications.

The next, I want to show you the background of the IT division.
Our division has 20 application members, with different levels of experience. 
We have new members, and each person has a different programming style.
Besides that, we develop applications on some diffetent platforms and programming languages. 
So there are 3 difficulties here: first, it's difficult to support and maintain each other. Second, it's difficult to integrate or communicate between systems. Third, there is no standard development process.
After getting approval from our managers, I organized an internal API training class with the following purposes: to provide basic training for new members, 
to standardize programming following standards and common approaches, 
and quality up application jobs by sharing extend knowledge.

Next, I want to talk about the training results.
My class was organized for 3 sessions with 12 members.
After the course, the learners gained more knowledge. 
They immediately improved their work, applied new methods, and also applied it to migrate systems.

Finally, I want to share some additional information.
This is information about the Net Core version. 
Currently, some systems of the Tien Son factory are using Net Core 6, 
but it will be out of support in November this year.
Therefore, I propose upgrading to Net 8 for existing systems. 
I will report the details in progress reports. 
For new systems after October, we will use Net 8.

That's all for my presentation. Thank you for listening.
