Xin chào, I'm Hưởng.
On behalf of IT division and the trainers, I would like to report internship program today.

My report consists of three parts. The first general overview, the second result of training. Finally I will review result of actual project.

Now let's start with part one. This program, we have 5 internship members belong to 3 kind of jobs: 1 mem system engineer, 2 mem software engineer and 2 mem of AI team. 

Our team consists of 8 trainers, we represent 3 key teams: infrastructure, application and smart factory.

following 1 month training program, out training program include 5 key categories that covered the majority of IT fields, we had two week for completing homework and one month to join actual project.

the next part, I would like to show result of training activity.
after the training period, we are pleased to report significant improvements and positive outcomes among all internship members. 
All trainees have demonstrated strong qualities such as: hard-working attitude, effective self-study skills, excellent teamwork, good communication, creative.
100% of trainees successfully completed all assigned homework.
More impressively, during the internship phase, they were able to independently develop small scale web application by apply knowledge and skills they had acquired.
This reflect not only their technical capability but also their initiative, problem-solving mindset, and team collaboration.

we also collected evaluations from all trainers, and all intern received high score, with over 70% in all assessments.

the next part, I would like to report the result of actual project.
all members completed 100% job assignment.
about system engineer, he join 4 key job for check end of support software, check unsafety software, config switches and support PC inventory. beside that, he also make video for minigame CANON recruitment similar, and support 1 laptop for Japanese GM in QV factory.
with software engineer, they successfully make 3 RPA for Fixed Asset Control. Completed 10 function when remake NPIS EUC from Macro to Web. Completed 3 web interface of Single Sign On system.
and finally 2 mem join object detection project of MTD department. As result, propose 5 alternative models for the current with time reduce 10% and complete baseline for AI experiments.

with their strong efforts and growth, we would like to say: welcome to CVN IT staff"

That's all about my report, thanks for your listening.

